Host disco updates hosts + conf auto export (#1450)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/monitoring/discovery/hosts-discovery.md

1. On the **Configuration > Hosts > Discovery** page, click on the discovery job you want. A panel appears on the right.

    ![image](../../assets/monitoring/discovery/host-discovery-edit-job.png)

2. In this panel, edit the settings of the job.

   If your job is set to **Automatic analysis**, you can update some host properties using mappers. You can:

   - add templates, hostgroups or host categories
   - update or define the severity (there can be only one severity)
   - update or define the value of a macro (there can be only one value for a macro)
   - update the monitoring server (there can be only one monitoring server)

  To preserve the consistency of data and the traceability of actions, the name, alias and IP address of the host cannot be updated (i.e. data brought by **Property** mappers).

  When you edit mappers, if you selected **Update existing hosts** at step 5 of the wizard, the hosts will be updated. If you did not select this option, running the job again will only add new hosts to the monitoring: existing hosts will not be updated.

>   If the autodiscovery module discovers hosts with a name that already exists and that you created manually on page **Configuration > Hosts > Hosts**, those hosts will also be updated by the autodiscovery module, even if they weren't discovered by it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the autodiscovery module discovers hosts whose names are already taken by hosts having previously been created manually on page **Configuration > Hosts > Hosts** or with the API or CLAPI, those existing hosts will also be updated by the autodiscovery module. 
```
